There might be a time when even though you have mocked an object, you still want to call a real method
on it.
Generally, you will always be able to step methods of your own mock object, especially when testing
your own well-designed code.
But when working with old and legacy code, or when testing code that needs complex refactoring, you
might need to make liquidators call a real method instead.
So in this video lesson, you will learn how to make Makita call a real method.
And for this demonstration, create a simple demo method.
I will scroll down below and will create a new test mounted.
For example, one user created the scarjo email confirmation meant that this executed.
Something like this and I will.
This plane.
For example, your email confirmation is executed.
All right.
And instead of a range section, I will first stab the submitted.
And now I'm ready to execute my mandate on the test.
But before I do, actually, I will tell my kids to call a real schedule email confirmation method.
And to do that, I will use my key this do call real method.
So it starts with to call real method dot when inside of when we will need to provide a mock object.
In our case it is email verification service and then we will provide the method that we want to execute,
which is key to email confirmation method.
I'll put it on a new line and will provide a parameter using my key.
This argument matcher.
Like this.
So when we invoke Scarjo email confirmation on email verification, we want my kid to call a real method.
Now I will invoke method and the test.
I will scroll up and will copy the line that invokes method and the test with the required parameters.
And now I will assert that this key email confirmation method was called exactly one time when my method
and the test executed.
MENDES And now if I debug my application, I should see that even though the email verification service
is a mock object, the real key email confirmation method is called When My Method The Test is executed.
So let's try it.
I will first go inside of Scarjo email confirmation method and I will put a debugger breakpoint inside.
Now I will go back to my test method and I will run this test method in a department.
My test method has successfully passed, but debugger breakpoint did not trigger.
Let's see why.
I will go inside of ski to email confirmation and I think I place debugger breakpoint on a wrong line.
I will need to add System.out.println for it to be able to trigger.
So for example, shiho email confirmation is called and I will put debugger breakpoint on this System.out.println
line instead of on the common line.
I'll save changes and we'll go back to my test method and run it again in debug mode.
And now, mind you back a breakpoint, the trigger inside of your email confirmation method.
And this proves that when key a deep call, a real method, a real implementation of this key, your
email confirmation method.
All right, so it all worked for us.
Let's resume debugging.
Go back to our test method and you now know how to make my kid a real method instead of stabbing it
with predefined.